Textile market in Norway is large (over 20 billion in 2001), and it is the large chains that dominate the market (HM, Cubus, Dressmann, Lindex, Kapp Ahl, BikBok) to name a few. The segment we are targeting, women 14-40 years old, is considered the most affluent group in the market. These are characterized by low brand loyalty, strong fashion awareness and relatively high cost focus. These are factors that makes it so that this is a rapidly changing market, where winning today-gone tomorrow often can be a reality. The ability to move with fashion, preferably prior to being seen like a big competitive advantage. This market, and the trade in general has moved out of the downtown core and into shopping malls. These may have a different profile, and it is important to get into the right centers - which is not always easy when you re new and small. Working towards the center chains, both to get into the great centers, and improve the localizations where we already built will be a continuous process. Market competition is strong, which means that the last years of growth (3-4) have been offset by lower gross profit, which means that the weakest players have problems. The market, which in customers as well as centers, is currently looking for the new and a bit special that none or few can offer. Standpoint ® is and has everything it takes to meet this request and has so far received positive feedback and several requests for both franchises, cheap rooms, response among the public regarding both the range and marketing materials. (Here it has been both letters to the editor in the newspaper, address and written examination on Stand Point ®) Standpoint ® is different, special and will add something new to the Norwegian market in every way. Stand Points enormous expansion and expansion in Italy and Europe, with a little time to bring the name up to Scandinavia and to brand building easier with a growing company in Italy that eventually would like to finance national marketing.